### 06/20/2021

It's a beautiful day to write some tests on the contract. I like this part because I can validate that the FiatBacked contract works as expected.

I created a basic test suite for the FiatBacked logic contract and other test suite for the proxy. The former has to be initialized as proxy contracts don't use constructors.

```md
Using network 'development'.


Compiling your contracts...
===========================
> Everything is up to date, there is nothing to compile.



  Contract: FiatBacked Proxy
    FiatBackedTokenProxy Tests
      ✓ should be initialized with data (190ms)

  Contract: FiatBacked
    FiatBackedToken Tests
      ✓ should be initialized with data (218ms)
      ✓ should not be able to be initialized again (372ms)
      ✓ should allow us to mint some tokens (150ms)
      ✓ should allow us to burn some tokens (96ms)
      ✓ should not allow to mint if allowance is exceeded. (94ms)


  6 passing (2s)
```

Now that we have our stablecoin token, we need a samrt contract that can represent the exchange between two stablecoin tokens. It may need an `exchange` function with the rate between the exchanges, it MUST be upgradeable as a proxy as well. It will be ownable, pausable and it will need to be a minter for each of the currencies to exchange.

Created a base contract for the [`FiatBackedExchange.sol`](../build/contracts/FiatBackedExchangeV0.json). And bootstrapped a simple test for it. I will follow the same approach as the stablecoin token contract.

So far so good.

```
> Artifacts written to /Users/luisoscargabriel/luisgj/fiat-backed-token/build/contracts
> Compiled successfully using:
   - solc: 0.8.0+commit.c7dfd78e.Emscripten.clang
```

```
Contract: FiatBackedExchangeV0
    ✓ should assert true (46ms)
```
Next up - Start creating the webpage and API to handle the exchange and implement the exchange logic on the contract.

I also want to upgrade the stablecoin to the latest version of the token beacuase I just forked the V1 version of USDC to test this on purpose.

Reminder - Create the readme with the intentions of this proyect and the components it includes. As well as the potential value propositions and use cases.